# Function for the target image

menu "Firmerware functions"

choice
	prompt "Functionality to build"
	default MAINFUNCTION_SIP_PHONE

source "src/function/Kconfig.devel"

config MAINFUNCTION_SIP_PHONE
	bool "SIP phone over IPv6"
	help
	  This is the main target for the 0cpm firmerware.  It implements
	  SIP phone functionality over IPv6.  Included are facilities to
	  obtain IPv6 connectivity on all networks.


config MAINFUNCTION_SIP_DOORBELL
	bool "SIP doorbell"
	help
	  This is an alternative main target for the 0cpm firmerware.
	  It implements a doorbell that is switched off until a button
	  is pressed.  As soon as the device boots, it will dial out to
	  a predefined number on a predefined server.

	  This is not quite the same as a phone configured as a hotline.
	  Such a phone would always be switched on, even though normal
	  use would not include calling to the device.  So, to save
	  energy, the doorbell application assumes that a phone is
	  switched off when not in use.  The device will keep itself
	  switched on until it is done with its task.


config MAINFUNCTION_SIP_ALARMCLOCK
	bool "SIP alarm clock"
	help
	  This is an alternate main target for the 0cpm firmerware.
	  It implements an alarm clock that does not ring the phone,
	  but rather picks up immediately and plays whatever sound
	  is sent to it.  It is imagined that a network service would
	  wake up all those souls who have a hard time hearing a
	  rooster nearby.

	  To furhter implement the logic of an alarm clock, use of the
	  hook contact will make it speak out the current time.  There
	  is a facility for a button that will set the alarm to go a
	  predefined number of hours after it was pressed.  You might
	  go as far as to wire that to your bed!


config MAINFUNCTION_BOOTLOADER
	bool "Bootloader"
	help
	  Some phones have less RAM than Flash on board.  On such phones,
	  stability improves with the installation of a small bootloader
	  that is smaller than RAM.  More in general, it helps to upgrade
	  the firmerware under tight local control.

	  The bootloader is initiated after a power cycle if (and as long as)
	  the horn is off-hook.  This is not usually the case, so normally
	  the bootloader is skipped quickly.

	  While the bootloader is active, all nonvolatile partitions are
	  made available over TFTP for reading and writing.  To aid in
	  automation, the bootloader will push the availability of this
	  TFTP service out over DNS-SD and mDNS, although it will not
	  continue to function as a general DNS-SD server.

	  The bootloader does not run over IPv6 and is only routed locally;
	  to that end, it acquires an IP4LL "zeroconfig" IP address.  These
	  addresses are not intended to be routed, and are not welcome on
	  the general Internet infrastructure.  This means that bootloader
	  image functions are protected from remote attacks.

endchoice

config FUNCTION_SOUND_PLAYER
	bool "Sound player"
	help
	  Condfigure the phone as a networked sound device.  This enables
	  computers on the LAN to send sound to the phone to have it played.
	  This is only possible on an IPv6-enabled LAN.

config FUNCTION_DEVEL_NETCONSOLE
	bool "LAN-based console"
	default y if DEVEL=y 
	help
	  Direct console traffic for the main application to the network.

	  The protocol used for this network console is Logical Link Control.
	  This is an ethernet-level protocol, so it will only work locally.

	  This console can also be selected as a main function for the
	  image being built, to test network connectivity.

	  TODO: ports

	  This facility is normally only of use during development.

config FUNCTION_FIRMWARE_UPGRADES
	bool "Support firmware upgrades"
	depends on MAINFUNCTION_SIP_PHONE
	default n
	help
	  It is possible, though not strictly required, to support
	  the download and installation of new firmware.  As normal
	  IP addresses are used, this is not as safe as the upgrades
	  that are included in the dedicated bootloader main function.

	  If the upgrade fails, the phone will need to be upgraded
	  through the bootloader, if it has one.

	  Do not select this option without considering its implications.

config FUNCTION_FIRMWARE_UPGRADES_BOOTLOADER
	bool "Support bootloader upgrades (DANGEROUS)"
	depends on FUNCTION_FIRMWARE_UPGRADES
	default n
	help
	  This is a dangerous facility!

	  Complete remote control over a phone is only possible if all
	  firmware, including even its bootloader, can be upgraded from
	  a remote site.  This option enables that facility.

	  Note that this facility makes the phone rather vulnerable.
	  Anyone with access to the phone's TFTP service will be able
	  to upload new firmware to replace it.  You do want to have a
	  tightly controlled firewall to avoid this from being abused.

	  TODO: a polling TFTP client may in fact be better?

endmenu
